you rock on you yeah then you're sure
that inside you know but that way you go
to happen you want to take off well do
you mean that was she what's going on
under the hood ship disasters a live in
a world where you getting permeate I'm
on your shoulder because you I'm trying
to work my name got that we've
underneath there no I rubber new CD
what's this it's got Aquaman units home
survive tonight lost generation a loss
term Irishman whats this red lost
generation some kind of like rescue
program also a lost generation I'm not
gonna hide to Meridian even with this
prima facie coming up who's always there
is one guy that's it came check your
Tegrity purpose if you like a facility
sick monster it's similar to that are
not heard of him before you sick now no
it's easier what's a caber oh you should
check about his daughters run with a
stress even wrote oh no it is a road
diet well this isn't
yeah my own same thing I thought how
much i'm david s Danielle PvP you mean
50 Peters a good quality CD but I wake
up in the morning he played here by
around now Lao good package it is out
get back into impact CD this copy is
there you see is that a road car it's
got pretty look nice not for print on
the front but I still a good CD it's
still a good CD i download it back to me
i'll pay you back I don't exceed easily
are you going to show me your
paperweight well it would be very cool
barber shop on the ground by elia films
the faxes stand up look listen
football's today's like my name's Willy
Wonka speeding away like a boss of my
culture cuz i'm in the class lame bad
versus evil if you're unstoppable I'm
dens in my Sophia cuz I'm clever with
the bars and my cranium I'm telling them
the I ran on the track no Iranian and
these punch lines are flying like a
plane I'm a man mp3 in your mouth like
penicillin and these rafters other pain
gets is gonna kill him afraid to my one
that's spilling over now Nicholas Cage
but if you wanna right time then I'll go
stir and a bit too early do you know
this koecher the best to the bars of the
tea with my toaster respect to the art
at the green of a smoker and they ain't
you can stress the four fives but when
your heads gone come that so five and
i'm off to the pc you mix a hard drive
hard drive
I'm the trees and led like the rural
minds I me speaking led let the wrong
man oh yeah yeah they brought me fruit
yes someone attacked Abraham is on the
mic orla do is wrap from I'm never ever
wet from I never slept sticking to the
flow like a piece of blue tuck by mr.
site book and I'm feeling high put right
every servant in John best bar right
Chuck i cain't grateful have what the
heads bring a lot oh I know street
fighter we're the best period in town on
my menstrual it's all Oh deep where my
friends pool just ride the dye and meet
like around boom these upper guys I like
ultimate old fool gigs is the early
finish track is missing see me on your
screen up the television off the Lions
close but a thing for its not come on
foot everybody's in all my days this
beep it's the shady and shades puts the
crazy your lady but babies and plays
this is crazy you shady same o mine you
got around to this because it's making
me days so listen up keep sharing
fucking a brown for the trap I'm running
fuck that now how'd you blow up the
crowd sounds funny to give me your eyes
Colbert and the honey you want to be
your mummy and I'll destroy the beat
like the present
I could watch for your birthday so for
the first time what the word say a good
shots in the worst place but love is
pissing on your CD fucking making fucks
for your TV please see the high end
saying that I'm clean too you're sneezy
nah i'm just being young no Jeezy to let
me explore like that whole
what's-her-name overs Dora I don't give
a fuck if you driving the Porsche /
closer still my torch in the door but I
ain't gonna force or not she likes me
despite the spike in the iced tea it's
likely a Ryan I can fight with no lights
in the night g can't see me for ain't
blakey them black 00 looking for the one
when I take away the tooth without a
free goes on the go and a faux fur an
elusive 15 so i knows that I'm I live up
in the street when I see 6668 a
commissioner never mixes Asia all
further times seven so I leaves me an a
on my niggas and go to the husband no
word on a weapon or not holding the nine
hey let's keep watching so we'll take
more time off so nowadays are making
tracks in the studio with my friends
this ride will die like a roadie yolks
working hard trying to hear my songs on
the radio say that you've been listening
but really do you hear me door oh say
nothing saying all or nothing la a film